secure_uploads settings for Django (#266)
uploadcare/pyuploadcare: HISTORY.md

Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/), and this project
adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

> ## [4.1.5](https://github.com/uploadcare/pyuploadcare/compare/v4.1.4...v4.1.5) - 2023-10-30

Reviewer: Mix it into 4.2 update?

Author: Perhaps. Depends on when and in which order these two pull requests will be merged.

### Added

- For `Uploadcare`:

>   - added `generate_upload_signature` method. This shortcut could be useful for signed uploads from your website's frontend where the signature needs to be passed outside of your site's Python part (e.g. for an upload widget).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - added `generate_upload_signature` method. This shortcut could be useful for signed uploads from your website's frontend where the signature needs to be passed outside of your website's Python part (e.g. for the uploading widget).
```
?

- For Django integration:

>   - added `signed_uploads` setting for Django projects. When enabled, this setting exposes the generated signature to the upload widget.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - added `signed_uploads` setting for Django projects. When enabled, this setting exposes the generated signature to the uploading widget.
```
?
